fix(shiny-preset): Add `bslib-page-dashboard` for grey background (#906)
rstudio/bslib: NEWS.md

* Added `input_dark_mode()`, a new input control that provides a toggle button that can be used to switch between the dark and light modes when using Bootstrap 5.3. By default, dark mode is applied automatically if the user's operating system is also in dark mode. App authors can toggle dark mode programmatically from the server using `toggle_dark_mode()`, and if you provide `input_dark_mode()` with an `id`, you can read the current color mode via the corresponding input value. (#787)

> * Shiny's Bootstrap theme preset is now used by default in `bs_theme()` and all related `page_*()` functions in bslib. This theme brings a fresh new design to all Shiny apps and dashboards created with bslib. This dashboard design anticipates heavy use of cards for organizing content, and works best with a gray background for contrast with minimalistic white cards. This treatment is enabled in `page_sidebar()`, `page_fillabble()` and other `page_*()` functions by adding the `bslib-page-dashboard` class to the page container or body tag.

Author: ```suggestion
* Shiny's Bootstrap theme preset is now used by default in `bs_theme()` and all related `page_*()` functions in bslib. This theme brings a fresh new design to all Shiny apps and dashboards created with bslib. This dashboard design anticipates heavy use of cards for organizing content, and works best with a gray background for contrast with minimalistic white cards. This treatment can be enabled in `page_sidebar()`, `page_fillable()` and other `page_*()` functions by adding the `bslib-page-dashboard` class to the page container or body tag.
```
